.\" Manpage for loghogd.
.\" Contact igor@activefrequency.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "21 Jan 2013" "0.1" "loghogd man page"

.SH NAME
loghogd \- the LogHog server

.SH SYNOPSIS
loghogd --config=<config> --facilities-config=<facilities-config>
        [--check-config] [--daemon] [--log=<log>] [--log-dir=<log-dir>] 
        [--pid=<pid>] [--run-dir=<run-dir>] [--user=<user>] 
        [--work-dir=<work-dir>]
loghogd -c <config> -F <facilities-config> [-d] [-l <log>] [-L <log-dir>]
        [-p <pid>]
.br
loghogd [--help]
.br
loghogd [-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
loghogd is the main logging server. You can communicate with it using one of
the many available loghog clients. Generally, you only need to supply the
location of a configuration file (loghogd.conf) to start loghogd.

.SH OPTIONS
loghogd takes a number of options which can also be configured via the config
file. See the loghogd.conf file in your docs directory for additional
configuration parameters

.TP
\fB-c \fIpath\fB | --config\fI=path\fR
Path to the configuration file to use.

.TP
\fB-F \fIpath\fB | --facilities-config\fI=path\fR
Path to the facilities configuration file to use. The equivalent config file
option is \fBfacilities_config\fR [main] .

.TP
\fB--check-config\fR
Simply checks that the supplied configuration files are valid and will work.
Exits with a 0 status if the configuration files are valid, and non-zero
otherwise

.TP
\fB-d | --daemon\fR
If supplied, loghogd will fork into the background. The equivalent config file
option is \fBdaemon\fR in section [main] (value can be yes or no).

.TP
\fB-l \fIpath\fB | --log\fI=path\fR
The location of loghogd's internal log file. The equivalent config file
option is \fBfilename\fR in the [log] section.

.TP
\fB-L \fIpath\fB | --log-dir\fI=path\fR
The path where loghogd will store incoming logs. The equivalent config file
option is \fBlogdir\fR in the [main] section.

.TP
\fB-p \fIpath\fB | --pid\fI=path\fR
Where loghogd will put its PID file. The equivalent config file option is 
\fBpidfile\fR in the [main] section. Typically, this should be a file in
\fBrundir\fR.

.TP
\fB--run-dir\fI=path\fR
Where loghogd will place its runtime files. The equivalent config file option is 
\fBrundir\fR in the [main] section.

.TP
\fB--work-dir\fI=path\fR
Where loghogd will place its work files (such as the log ratation schedule
database, etc.) The equivalent config file option is \fBworkdir\fR in the 
[main] section.

.TP
\fB--user\fI=user\fR
If specified and loghogd is started as root, it will drop privileges to
this user after creating the necessary directories, etc. 
The equivalent config file option is \fBuser\fR in the 
[main] section.

.TP
\fB-h | --help\fR
Prints the help info for this executable.

.SH SEE ALSO
loghogd(1), loghog-client-cert(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Igor Partola (igor@activefrequency.com)
